I want to cleanup this application's code and to do that I'm going to describe what it currently needs to be at this time, any additional/partial functionality of anything other than this outline is to be removed. All remaining code is to be organized in a way to make it easier for machine learning tools to read.

Application Main Menu
1. Create/Regen Auto Configuration
   (Takes RPM and gear data from the users in-game session to create an RPM shift point configuration file to be used for other parts of the application, and generates a base graph with determined shift points marked, legends to the left, this will be the base graph and configuration file for whatever car/track combination it's for, they can only be regenerated through this option or manually)
2. Create/Edit Manual Configuration
   (Allows the user to create their own RPM shift point configuration file for whatever car/track combination)
3. Start Monitoring
   (Allows the user to choose whether to use their manual configuration or the auto generated one as the instructions for the monitoring mode they would like to use)
   (Submenu)
   1. User Configuration
   2. Auto Configuration
   
      (Submenu)
      1. Standard Mode - Directly uses user or auto defined shift points.
	  2. Adaptive Mode - Uses physics to determine earliest shift point for acceleration advantage and gathers user-preferred average RPM shift points over 15 second intervals and combines them at a ratio of 70% physics, 30% user-preferred. All data is collected into an adaptive report that is saved after, an adaptive mode configuration files is created, and a graph is generated using the base from auto config. marking adaptive mode determined shift points.
	  3. Performance Mode -  Same as adaptive mode, but uses a complete average of user-preferred average RPM shift points, and valid lap times to determine what RPM range the user achieved the best times with, and determines optimal shift point through a confidence score based on the amount of valid laps the user has. Base confidence score is 60% physicals and 40% user data, at max confidence it's 75% user data, and 25% physics. All data is collected into a performance report that is saved after, a performance mode configuration file is created, and a graph is generated using the base from auto config. marking performance mode determined shift points.
         
		 (Submenu)
		 1. Standard Envelope - Too early; freq: 650Hz; dur: 130ms; attack: 6ms; decay: to 60% over 120ms | On time; freq: 600Hz; dur: 140ms; attack: 5ms; decay: to 55% over 135ms | Too late; freq: 400Hz; dur: 150ms; attack: 5ms; decay: to 50% over 145ms
		 2. Endurance Envelope - Too early; freq: 650Hz; dur: 110ms; attack: 8ms; decay: to 70% over 130ms | On time; freq: 500Hz; dur: 130ms; attack: 10ms; decay: to 60% over 160ms | Too late; freq: 400Hz; dur: 140ms; attack: 8ms; decay: to 55% over 160ms
		 
		 (Submenu only for performance mode after choosing envelope)
		 1. Live Indication - plays audio for user to anticipate and upshift on optimal shift point
		 2. Feedback Indication - plays audio after a user has already shifted to indicate if it was too early or too late with 300ms lockout period. Too early and too late tones are determined by the highest and lowest frequency tones from the selected audio envelope.
		
4. Open Telemetry Overlay
5. Change Vehicle
6. Open Data Folder
7. Help
8. Exit
		 
		 